He froze, nose to nose with his own scared-looking
reflection in the dark glass. He knew that cough. He had
heard it before. He turned very slowly to face the empty
room.
“Hello?” he said, trying to sound braver than he felt.
For a brief moment he allowed himself the impossible
hope that nobody would answer him. However, a voice
responded at once, a crisp, decisive voice that sounded as
though it were reading a prepared statement. It was coming
— as the Prime Minister had known at the first cough — from
the froglike little man wearing a long silver wig who was
depicted in a small, dirty oil painting in the far corner of the
room.
“To the Prime Minister of Muggles. Urgent we meet. Kindly
respond immediately. Sincerely, Fudge.”
The man in the painting looked inquiringly at the Prime
Minister.
“Er,” said the Prime Minister, “listen. . . . It’s not a very good
time for me. . . . I’m waiting for a telephone call, you see . . .
from the President of —”
“That can be rearranged,” said the portrait at once. The
Prime Minister’s heart sank. He had been afraid of that. 
“But I really was rather hoping to speak —”
“We shall arrange for the President to forget to call. He will
telephone tomorrow night instead,” said the little man.
“Kindly respond immediately to Mr. Fudge.”
“I . . . oh . . . very well,” said the Prime Minister weakly. “Yes,
I’ll see Fudge.”
He hurried back to his desk, straightening his tie as he
went. He had barely resumed his seat, and arranged his face
into what he hoped was a relaxed and unfazed expression,
when bright green flames burst into life in the empty grate
beneath his marble mantelpiece. He watched, trying not to
betray a flicker of surprise or alarm, as a portly man appeared
within the flames, spinning as fast as a top. Seconds later, he
had climbed out onto a rather fine antique rug, brushing ash
from the sleeves of his long pin-striped cloak, a lime-green
bowler hat in his hand.
“Ah . . . Prime Minister,” said Cornelius Fudge, striding
forward with his hand outstretched. “Good to see you again.”
The Prime Minister could not honestly return this
compliment, so said nothing at all. He was not remotely
pleased to see Fudge, whose occasional appearances, apart
from being downright alarming in themselves, generally 
